hey you are you wasting your time on
social media again your brothers and
sisters in Islam net from Norway are
establishing a Masid a daa center
establishing a Masjid to convey The
Message of Islam is one of the best
Deeds a Muslim can do there's a huge
need for it in Norway you know this and
I know this so that makes the reward
even greater so give generously and
Allah will give you even more
[Music]
how are you guys doing and welcome to
another episode of the MH podcast with
one very special guest who whenever
comes on this podcast everyone becomes
very interested and you're using so many
I mean you're presenting so many facts
so much information but nevertheless
people are not growing tired of it or
bored of it so uh it's very interesting
to have you here again but when we were
talking about before we um kind of uh
decided to go do a podcast again and we
were talking about the stuff that you've
got the information that you've got you
really said some shocking and
interesting things especially about my
last encounter with Morgan that for me
went under the radar so maybe we should
start there yeah some of the things that
he said and what did you notice so I
think to understand the wider operation
it is important for us to look at r
Murdoch and his Empire mhm so for
instance your code guest on the previous
episode was Alan dtz now Alan dtz
recently published an
article dtz had a good time with him
absolutely titled sorry titled how
innocent are civilians in Gaza now this
article was carried in the uh New York
um Post newspaper which is also owned by
Rupert Murdoch Rupert Murdoch owns talk
TV he owns the sun he owns Sky News
which has actually fired a uh reporter
for her questioning of the Israeli
Ambassador in a particular fashion that
the Israeli Ambassador took issue with
during this period but Murdoch also has
a very interesting history with Israeli
intelligence that I think is worthy of
note so Murdoch owned something called
the NDS group The NDS group was a tech
organization that was accused of hacking
the uh competition of rert Murdoch's
media companies and placing at one point
their um their services online for free
so this is in a period of time around
the 2000s when lime wire and stuff like
that was quite uh popular but what
Murdoch
um is not really held accountable for is
the fact that this organization the NDS
group was staffed by former Israeli
intelligence figures the former deputy
director of Israel's internal um
intelligence agency but where it gets
really interesting is that the same time
that Murdoch was cultivating this
organization the NDS group his newspaper
the Sunday Times was confided in by
morai vunu now morai vunu was uh an
Israeli individual that worked on
Israel's nuclear project
isiv who who worked on their sounds more
like an Indian really doesn't sound like
a Hebrew name to me I mean he's he's a
he's quite a fascinating figure because
he it could be my pronunciation if I was
to pronounce it correctly it may sound
it may sound more ebery but he was
somebody that came to the Sunday Times
and said look I want to reveal the
secrets of is
of Israel's nuclear plan yeah I want to
I want to reveal the secrets now Andrew
Neil at the time who you um obviously
you know will have seen on the popular
BBC show you know he has a history of
really um hammering his guess and
particularly Ben Shapiro you had one he
was great against Ben Shapiro I wish he
was uh he was like that with more
prominent zionists but um after that um
that particular interview even Ben CH
admitted defeat oh absolutely he
defeated him a resounding defeat yeah a
drumming even but um Andrew Neil at that
time was the editor of the Sunday Times
now morai vunu while under the care of
the Sunday Times
which I don't know
why I mean sorry I mean it would it
would I tell you it would be amazing to
interview morai vunu he's actually um
off the back of what happened during
that period he cannot communicate with
foreigners that he he is legally banned
from communicating with foreigners so
what happened was is he reveals Israel's
um project uh Demona and the uh the did
publicly yeah it was then published in
the Sunday Times however during the time
he was under the protection of Murdoch's
company mosad kidnapped him from Europe
yeah and took him to occupied Palestine
where he has been imprisoned for tens of
years he's been released this is very
serious like how come we don't see this
on like the news was it on the news
absolutely I mean it was covered but
it's very much um kind of petered out I
would say the the uh the attention to
the story unfortunately he does have a
Twitter but again he is officially
banned from communicating with uh
foreign
citizens and my question on this subject
is is it
conceivable that rert Murdoch
simultaneous to owning the company that
was being confided in about nuclear's
Israel's secret nuclear program had a
company that was literally um
uh it whole fertilization took place at
the Kim Weisman Institute of Technology
this was an organization that was an
Israeli company that was again staffed
purely by Israeli military and
intelligence
Personnel he was clearly not an
objective place or a neutral Place shall
we say for vunu to um entrust um his
safety with but then there was another
thing that um pis Morgan said which I
think is is worth further
inquiry now there was a point when you
were pressing him on the issue of the
picture with gain
Maxwell now he had a sentence which he
did not complete which I think it would
be interesting to find from the episode
and possibly play when he mentions her
father and implies that there was a
personal relationship between him and
gillain Maxwell's father yeah now
gillain Maxwell's Father Robert Maxwell
was a British politician was the uh
owner of the Daily Mirror prior to Pi
Morgan becoming the editor however he
was also an Israeli intelligence asset
now it has been reported that Maxwell
even used funds from the Daily Mirror to
fund Israeli intelligence operations in
uh Europe really so if
he's pulling back from stating to you
that he had a person remember what he
said um I think he was referencing the
reason for him being at the party and
meeting gillain yeah and so he was
explaining it I mean we'd have to get
the clip and play it back and I think he
was mentioning her father and he stopped
himself in his tracks possibly because
what's coming under more um attention
now is the relationships of media
figures with Israeli intelligence people
and it does you know lead on to this
issue of the Netanyahu fund's letter
because um when I went on the show I I
mentioned this letter and and showed it
and that it had uh R Murdoch's name on
it and it and it reveals you know what I
would say is a a kind of a
network of prominent individuals who
perceive themselves as having shared
interest with inserting Netanyahu into
power and you have to remember that this
uh this note was compiled who who yeah
where did this exactly come from so this
this note which is the one that was held
up uh by myself on the uh the um Piers
Morgan show we have a version which has
clearer writing which hopefully in
editing we'll be able to show on the
screen now this this was um leaked to
the Israeli
media uh from netanyahu's political
office in his election campaign in the
late
2000s so this is prior to him becoming
prime minister these names are of
individuals which he considered to be
funders of his campaign and so on this
on on this list so there's some there's
some names are circled and stuff like
that why why is that it's unclear um
netanyahu's political office engaged in
crisis Management on this subject and
tried to obscure some of the information
from some names are in print and some
names are written by hand exactly and
this handwriting is netanyahu's
handwriting really but I think is
necessary for us to go through some of
these names because they reveal um it
would can I just say that if if they've
written these like if this is in print
and this is by handwriting that this is
like the main list if you like and this
is like the added ones that the
brainstorming session that they had that
they put on there certainly certainly
they put rubert Mur Murdoch in the m in
the printed one printed and so it um it
certainly implies that he would have and
also Donald Trump is there oh um Leslie
Wexner is there who relates to the epine
case is Biden there no really but himim
Saban is there who is somebody that is
currently credited as writing Joe
Biden's uh script okay policy wise on
Israel um but we can go into some of
these names but as I said you know
Rupert Murdoch is somebody that has used
his position within the media to back
Israel strongly has we you know we found
documents showing that his charitable
arm has funded something called the
Jerusalem Foundation you on PE
talkinging him about that absolutely
would you condemn R Murdock has become a
trend now actually well I mean it should
do because I think he's an interesting
psychological warrior in that he is able
to enjoy a kind of performed neutrality
in which it's much like the BBC yeah
says news without bias not as a
legitimate and accurate description but
as a perception it wants you to have of
it and and Morgan is just like um he'll
have like three or four things which he
will condemn or which he'll you know be
openly against the settlements or
whatever but he's he's doing that to
Fain this neutrality isn't it absolutely
and then he um strikes very cleanly on
people that he's identified and he said
this yeah identified as extremists and I
also think there's an aspect of the
policy which is to keep away
Palestinians who are not part of the
normalization project so he will have a
representative of the Palestinian
Authority for example which is the
institutionalization of normalization
within Palestine but he and he'll get uh
non-palestinian Arabs on the show or or
um you know others from the west but he
will not get Palestinians that are
directly involved in what's happening in
Gaza for example he how would you to do
that there's plenty of people you know
Ahmed for example is a capable uh very
very uh good uh speaker done many media
um appearances lost 21 members of his
family I've never seen Biz Morgan for
examp good go to interview him but he's
then because it's also part of I would
argue the criminalization
the commun in this country's trying to P
us into a place where pronouncements are
made which can then be legally
actionable yeah so you know without a uh
legal representative with you you are
dealing with somebody who you know and
in the case of course of um
my was threatening threatening legal
action yes yes forious man he was yes
and he is and he is I mean the the thing
with Alan dtz which I think is important
to take into account is he on the list
he's not he's not but Leslie Wexner who
is close to him is on the list um but
dtz is somebody who has stated that he's
worked for Israel for decades yeah he's
somebody that he says that he's the um
like attorney of of Israel of Israel
what does he mean by that well there was
one point when he was due to be a uh
defense lawyer for Israel the icj in the
icj and and and then they pulled back
from it when they realized I think that
he was a bit of a liability in terms of
PR but his role has been very
interesting because when Qatar was
blockaded um by the Saudis and other
Gulf
States he traveled to Qatar to threaten
the qataris particularly on one issue so
Al jazer had an amazing documentary
called the lobby where they went
undercover in the Israel Lobby in this
country and revealed many different
schemes to even uh bring down Alan
Duncan who was a conservative minister
at the time just because he was
slightly supportive of the idea of
Palestinian statehood and they uncovered
really the whole Corbin operation was
exposed in terms of the operation
against Corin was
exposed expertly by the lobby
documentary but then they had a Us
episode now the reason that the US
episode never aired on Al jaaz it was
again an infiltration of the Israel lby
in the United States it never aired on
Al jaaz it was leaked to electronic in
father was because well part of the
reasoning was Alan dtz Alan dtz went to
Qatar really and threatened that the
United States would remove their bases
from qar and it would open the way for
Invasion way yeah this is documented
fact this is like on that level that
he's got that kind of Leverage yes he
went to katar and threaten them
representing the Israeli government yes
really yeah so um that's this is all you
know this is all relevant I would say to
his media work also yeah but um in terms
of say for example you've got Leslie
Wexner here now Leslie who is she it's
an individual is a man who um very
highly ected at Harvard University ke
fun one of those unisex names yeah but
he but he for example and this is really
interesting had a foundation which was
listed as one of the Israeli Prime
Ministers office's projects okay
so if he has a history of funding
Netanyahu and then you have a situation
where he's able to use his influence but
you know his involvement Leslie Wexner
specifically his involvement with not
only Epstein but also individuals
involved in sexual blackmail goes back a
long long way seual Maya Lansky is
believed to have been the what you mean
by seexual blackmail well this was this
was the Epstein project was comprom it
was building comprom on targets people
identified often as allies but the the
practice we know of it being carried out
by intelligence agencies back to the 30s
40s when Maya Lansky who somebody
associated with Leslie Wexner um carried
it out for the OSS now the OSS um office
for strategic Services is a precursor of
the CIA it later became the CIA postc
World War and um Wexner takes Epstein
under his wing and Epstein's really
Epstein's position at Harvard you know
EP also worked for Adan kashaki not
Jamal kashaki Adnan who was involved in
um arms who had extensive work with
Israeli intelligence agencies um but the
decisive uh point when we look at
Epstein is the fact when he got the
sweetheart sweetheart deal that dtz
helped obtain for him which was not
going to jail in any serious way um Alex
aosta who was the us as well no no Alex
aosta was a a a US State Attorney at the
time he said I was told not to touch
Epstein because his intelligence he
didn't specify which intelligence agency
he worked for but then Steven hoffenberg
who was very close to Epstein and who uh
eventually died in his home in Darby in
the United States wasn't discovered for
seven days Steven hoffenberg claimed
that Epstein would boast about building
comprom through this use of sexual
blackmail on individuals like prince
Andrew for Israeli intelligence
services so um this is this is somebody
that would have known very manipulative
tactic as absolutely the heart of but
it's incredible like how many of these
guys have leverage on each other at this
level absolutely and then what you have
to think about is the period when
Epstein was engaging and building
compromise potentially on US President
Bill Clinton is the same time that sever
allegedly yeah potentially building
compromise but there's several really
interesting things that Clinton did
during that period which I think need to
be
Revisited yeah of this information
so uh Jonathan polard was a a US Naval
intelligence officer now his activity
within
U the US security state has
become an issue of
legendary um
Intrigue he spied for the Israeli
government and was caught by the US and
imprisoned Jonathan paard was some of
the things that he did he um obtained
millions of classified documents from
the US military he also obtained
information which helped with Israel's
secret nuclear plan but he
also um this is the same time that the
promised software was downloaded onto
the US classified databases which gave
Israel a backo to uh us um classified
information now the interesting thing
here is that Netanyahu approaches Bill
Clinton to ask him to Pardon Jonathan
polard but when he approaches
him it's been reported that he says we
have evidence of your affair with Monica
Lewinsky who say it Netanyahu says to
Bill Clinton we have evidence of your
affair with mon LSK through the hacking
of your
phone however however however oh my God
the interesting question is was
Epstein's engagement of Clinton also a
factor in netanyahu's approach so
Clinton then goes to Robert Gates r fi
and he says to them I'm newly convinced
by netanyahu's argument that we should
release Jonathan Pollard wow at which
point ramsfeld Robert Gates oh my god um
and possibly Dick Cheney if my memory is
serving me um
well um say they will resign if you
release Jonathan polard who's been
imprisoned for spying on our most
sensitive information involvement in the
promised SC where did you find this
information where where can we find this
someone says what are the sources for
this information I mean this is widely
covered it's it's covered in the Israeli
mil media and actually where we get into
the Murdoch question with the very
newspaper which leaked this letter yeah
yeah yeah Netanyahu then asked Murdoch's
Sons to uh buy the newspaper really yeah
yeah so the relationship is that close
between Murdoch and and Netanyahu but in
terms of the the Clinton story there's
more to it because they did not they did
not obtain the pardoning of Jonathan
polard however you have Mark rich and
Pinkus green now these what happened to
jonan P he was later released under
Obama and went to occupied Palestine and
and kissed the tarmac when he exited the
plane wow so how long did he spend in
prison over 20 years
oo it was a serious it was a serious um
situation and Jonathan polard is today
making pronouncements on the internet
about what should be done with the
Palestinians and you know he's been
taken in but there were individuals
involved in the uh promised Scandal
which gillain Maxwell's father was
largely involved with so they're all
into the same things this is the axis of
insistence and the axis of insistence is
the
maximalist Fantastical Zionist aims for
the region it is Imperial Israel it is
Air Supremacy it is um it is control of
curricul
it is cultural change and so that's
where we have a a a a a transnational
group of individuals involved in it but
now states have been command deared to
these objectives because I don't think
it can necessarily still be argued that
this is a situation of Israel being a
bullwark of British and US imperialism
you have British government funding to
Israel Lobby groups and groups which are
seeking to to obtain public contracts in
this country for Israeli tech companies
yeah funded by the British government
how do we so so so how is it that Israel
is this instrument of the United States
and Britain which is this is an analysis
which I think if you are looking at so
you think the other way around do you
think that it's Israel that's
manipulating these great Powers I think
it's a tug of war is it I I don't think
it's I think it's now yeah
7030 where where where yeah where where
Israel has such an integrated
relationship with the security services
and the militaries of these countries
that it is seen as yes it's the eyes on
the ground yes it's the boots on the
ground but it's seen as the decision
maker in what's happening here because
the British are not sending the R1
Shadow plane over the top of razza
likely to help with Target
acquisition because it aids British
imperialism I I don't I don't see that
as true I believe they are sending it as
part of a secret military agreement with
the Israelis that has certain uh
uh uh certain requirements when any of
the States enter War so if Britain
enters War Israel will have to provide
some form of service when Israel's
entered War Britain is providing some
form of service it has a secret spy team
in Israel which is assisting with the
campaign it's it's uh issued a d notice
on the SAS activities early on in the
war why would and so a den notice is
where the government contacts
journalists and say do and says do not
publish information about this please
it's damaging to National Security they
issued that on SAS operations in Gazza
really why would they do that why would
they do that if there was no SAS
operations in Gaza if you did not have
British secret um forces Special Forces
active in razza they would not issue a d
notice at all oh yeah and and we of
course have the reports from now that
the US Special Forces and even Biden
confirmed it after the assassination of
which you know we can touch on Biden
seeking to uh take credit to some extent
says US Special Forces have been
involved from the very beginning which
we said early on we said the US Delta
Force is there we we've we've got the
pictures alak this this uh particular uh
the the Epstein the Epstein angle though
and and and the way in which it's
interesting on the decisions of Bill
Clinton yeah so one other aspect of
Clinton's activity during that time
which I believe may have had the
influence of Epstein was the case of
Pinkus green and Mark Rich who are they
now these are individuals who fit the
description of sayanim sayanim are um in
Hebrew it's a term used to describe uh
mosad a
that act within the business capacity
okay so they are called upon to provide
specific services for Israeli
intelligence so Mark Rich for example
was involved in a logistics company in
the Middle East yeah so it was a route
through which Israel at that time was
able to gain access to what was
happening in countries like Iraq where
they didn't have access through
traditional
means um and so Pinkus green and Mark
Rich my understanding is that they were
wanted by by the FBI for tax evasion
okay now they fled the United States who
are they again they they are two Israeli
agents basically yeah and and they fled
the United States and went they lived in
the United States and they fled yeah and
they were wanted for um tax evasion okay
now ihud Barack who again is a very very
key um collaborator the rule is that if
you go to uh Israel they will protect
you from all that well this is what
happened right so ihud Barack was at
that time the Prime Minister and he was
um very close to Epstein very very close
business partners he's coming out
speaking about the he was on Pi Morgan
show yeah he had he had a piece with pi
Morgan as well yeah it's interesting
there's there's there's a network here
there's a Nexus here of individuals but
ihud Barack obviously is from the more
borian side of the Zionist movement and
I think we have unfortunately sometimes
an understanding of the Zionist movement
that poses benorian and and jabotinski
um ihud Barack and Netanyahu as
diametrically opposed to each other I
don't think is that they're
diametrically opposed the argument being
that benorian supported uh British rule
in Palestine and jabotinsky fought
British rule that ihud Barack supports
supposedly a two-state solution but
Benjamin Netanyahu doesn't I don't think
it's that they're diam diametrically
opposed in uh objectives as such I think
they are more there is a Divergence on
the way that you manage the pr of the
situation I I that's what about strategy
like military cuz he was
saying on the Morgan show that there's
got to be an end game and if if there's
not end game then this is a foolishness
Etc slightly critical absolutely and and
I mean they are political opponents yeah
so even in the case of benorian and
jabotinski they'd call each other Nazis
and Hitler and and and again you'll hear
that kind of discourse when it comes
tood Barak and uh and Netanyahu so they
are political opponents but and and and
the end game is an interesting question
here which I think we need to get into
when we look at the axis of assistance
and the axis of resistance what the axis
of insistance so the axis of insistance
is is is these individuals who are
working to Commander the states and the
states that are working for the
expansion of Zionism okay that's what
that's what this is what's happening now
is about the expansion of Zionism in the
region but um just to get to this case
of Mark rich and Pinker
screen Clinton pardoned them and he
pardoned them following the intervention
of ihud Barak and the head of Israel's
external intelligence agency mad now why
it's my belief that the engagement by
Epstein would have played a role really
yeah yeah so so what we're talking about
is the president of the most powerful
state in the world being blackmailed by
Israel into taking particular decisions
at particular times again it's a tug of
war so there were some things that
Israel was able to obtain and there were
some things that Israel wasn't able to
obtain and and the thing that Israel
wasn't able to obtain was the release of
Jonathan poll which was a big big deal
um again the the the list we could go on
there's really important people here
that I do think we you know there's
several funders of Michael Gove here
there's Zach G yeah yeah oh Michael go
here in the UK absolutely absolutely Z
is he an important figure like you know
why why why is he even got why is he
even on the list well not on the list
but the people that funded him are so
Manny Manny Weiss and Zack girtler have
both pumped money into Michael Go's uh
operations Ronald perilman is one of the
early investors in Marvel Comics of
course Marvel would uh laund pro-israel
propaganda in a lot of its comics and
now can you give us an example of that
so they have the um a former IDF Soldier
they depicted they also were planning a
film a Marvel film which seems to have
uh by the wayside which was of an an
Israeli soldier a woman um so Marvel
have interesting connections with that
but then you have the example here of I
AFA who is again listed here as a
potential funer of Benjamin Netanyahu so
I ofam is from the Offa family which is
uh one of if not the richest families in
Israel okay now this family was found by
the Times newspaper in 2011 to be using
its Shipping Company zodiac Maritime to
Ferry Elite agents for Israel across the
region to carry out assassinations yeah
so uh for example um yeah so's head of
intelligence Abu Jad when he was killed
in Tunis it was zodiac Maritime who
moved the Israeli agents to Tunisia to
carry out the operation you have the
Hamas um head of uh military procurement
who was killed in Dubai in 2010 by
Israeli agents yeah who at that time
used fake British passports they were
transported by zodiac Maritime um so
zodiac
Maritime has an interesting role in this
whole War because when the yemeni Armed
Forces so they're owned by E offer who
what are they what's zodiac Mari so
zodiac Maritime is a shipping company
okay is a shipping company which has
which has you been used as a front this
is
the very what where's that come from
based British is it British yeah yeah
British company's house yes no yeah
really yeah are there many companies
like that that work like this we know of
a few really yeah but zodiac Maritime is
one of the most prominent um but most
interestingly yeah it is guarded by a
company which is an offshoot of the
British Ministry of Defense Ambry
security guarded in terms of security
yeah in the Red Sea where is it it's in
it's in London really yeah but so so
think about this this is the extent of
British involvement so hold on if if if
Israel is a buw of British imperialism
how is it possible that you have
companies a company that operates from
Britain that has been involved in
assassinations this is well documented
are they are the directors British e
offer is Israeli is there any directors
that are British we seen it um if I
remember correctly yes yeah okay and
shareholders what's the I don't know is
it a mix of is it I think it's owned
directly by the offer family yeah cuz
you can have you can have a like a
foreign National being a yeah yeah a
direct of a BRI company yeah AB
absolutely yeah yeah so that's pretty
significant is it it is very significant
Donald Trump is also listed here
considered by Netanyahu to be a funer in
terms of making him prime minister um
you also have H Saban now H Saban is an
Israel lobbyist the largest um
fundraiser for the friends of the IDF in
the history of the organization he's
credited today with writing Biden's
script on Israel but more interesting
than all of that he is currently a
director of Universal Music Group now
Universal Music Group got all those
rappers in it now is it got DJ Khaled ah
so DJ KH that's why he's silent this man
we've had a year we've had a year of
silent in Cas we've had a
year links up with DJ KH to see but so
you've had a year of Silence from DJ KH
during he's Palestinian isn't he exactly
and so then the question is if you have
and it's not only him saan so can you
let's make this this is interest can
let's make this yeah yeah let's really
so who's connected to DJ H so H Saban is
a director of Universal Music Group
former Israeli soldier the largest
fundraiser for the Israeli military in
the history of the friends of the IDF
credited with writing Biden's policy on
Israel okay this is the label DJ Khaled
is signed to what's his connection to
Universal he's a director he's director
he's one of the directors one of the
directors yeah of Universal Music so so
if if KH says something he'll drop him
potentially not necessarily drop in but
it would cause potential problems
without a doubt so yeah there's a lot
more in this uh so do do you think it's
conceivable one might argue yes that you
know he's being told explicit L like do
not get involved in the politics in the
Middle East I mean certainly implicitly
it's probably been communicated to him
that he he probably Shug his shoulders
so you know what I don't I don't want to
talk about anyway maybe because the way
he's he's coming across like you know
he's to be honest with big but but um he
probably said you know I was never
thinking of doing it in the first place
yeah yeah it's sad it's a sad but you
know we're living through the
equivalent to the sacking of Bagdad
yeah in
1258 yeah we're living through the
equivalent to the fall of andelo in the
1400s civilization
speaking we are now entering an era when
Israel's objectives for the region
are to
overthrow the Iranian government as a
ultimate aim yeah so what what what's
going on with that why do you think they
want to do that they talk about Ral
so if you if you look at the
pronouncements of key figures within the
organizations involved in practicing
their right under UN resolution 3246
which is the right of Palestinians to
arm resistance for an occupation yeah if
you look at for instance the words of
zad Nala the Secretary General of uh
Jihad islami yeah he has stated that
Iran has given billions to all
Palestinian resistance factions even fat
over the last few decades if you look at
for instance tal Nai but they say that
allows that all to go through through
qar no no that's different qatar's uh
funding is for social projects is for um
the provision of um general assistance
the duties of government the funding
that um Iran has provided has been
focused on Military on training on and
it's actually led to Quantum leaps in
the change of what's happened on the
ground in the ability to Target why
can't they stop it if they if they got
so much capabilities like for let's talk
about this in terms of but but I think I
think we should also just expand on it
first before we show on those mechanics
so um in terms of this relationship
you look back at the Karine 9 which was
one of the ships that was stopped of
Iranian weapons headed to Gaza okay now
the the figures within the resistance
this was in arafat's time in the if I
remember correctly the early 2000s okay
now the argument made by some in the
resistance factions was this was one
ship and its reason that it was called
the Karine 9 is because there was a
there was there was another nine so it
was one of 10 oh okay and and that these
ships reached and uh and were able to
arm um all of the Palestinian resistance
fa factions including sh which is the
fat group even at a time when fat had
political position is a p for those who
it's it's the armed wing of the p i mean
the PLO now is a sort of political body
which even includes the pflp technically
the PA is headed by the head of the PLO
which is Mahmud Abbas the the PA is Oslo
yeah it's it's it's Oslo as a as a
bureaucratic manifestation within the
lives of Palestinians it's a servant of
the Israeli occupation the Palestinian
Authority arrests um tortures and even
kills Palestinian resistance Fighters
for Israel again the interesting aspect
of this is that it's its training is
outsourced to the British so you have
the British not only training but arming
with small arms never snipers so people
are being trained within the Palestinian
Authority to only be able to shoot from
close because there has been cases of
Palestinian
Authority um Personnel turning their
weapons on the Israelis and so and so
you had a case even from Mahmud abbas's
personal guard um an operation launched
by him uh killing three Israelis at once
um a few months ago and then the story
is he was later given up by the
Palestinian
Authority so in in this case of Iran's
relationship with the resistance
factions is you have all of their
leadership including even Y in
2014 at a time when there were
significant elements of Hamas deeply at
odds with Iran's policy in Syria y says
throughout this battle that we've had
with the Israelis isra the uh Iran has
contined to support us in every way we
could ever ask um at a time when the
resistance factions were completely
isolated but also most importantly
militarily it has been seen as a red
line for many many decades to support
them in any way we're talking about
training taking place in Iran in Syria
in Lebanon uh the the the joint
operations Rome let give you a bit of
Devil's Advocate position on this on
Iran because this would seem to indicate
that okay Iran's been always there like
arming the you know the military
factions Etc but then if you look at
some of the history between Iran and
Israel some could argue or one could
argue that there has been some friendly
relationships between them as well so
for example um obviously famously the
intra the Contra affair Iran Contra
affair yes the Iran Contra affair and um
there's some you know documents have
come out to indicate that Israel was
actually selling you know some of the um
weaponry and stuff like that to Iran as
well so with the Iran Contra affair you
had Oliver North um basically work on a
way in which the United States was able
to invisibilize um its policy and so
that was involved in the contras in
Nicaragua basically um selling uh drugs
in order to fund their operations and
even some of those drugs ended up in uh
the United States so for example you
have the original Rick Ross not the
rapper Who's a former correctional
officer the the the drug dealer who was
sentenced to 27 years was approached by
Gary Webb a um journalist for the Los
Angeles Times who said to him do you
know that you were running crack cocaine
for the CIA inside the black community
and he couldn't believe it because these
were CIA agents from the contras um and
so the way the United States would uh
invisibilize their policy would be by
taking the money that they procured by
um arming Iran in the Iran Iraq war and
then funneling it to the cont in
Nicaragua now here here's here's the
question at that time you had Iraq and
Iran in a war that lasted for eight
years we're talking about the 80s here
we're talking about the 80s we are
talking about the United States during
that war shooting down Iranian civilian
flights and we're talking about Iran um
they they switched Allegiance from first
they were backing Saddam and then they
sto backing Saddam they were always
backing Saddam m in in in that war the
United States and the gulf were always
back in Saddam um
however as happens in these wars you
have examples where people will look to
escape from isolation to some extent and
also keep keep the the flow of armaments
okay now the
allegation is that the US planes which
transported the weapons to Iran at that
time came from Israel through the
companies the um that they they dealt
with but it was it was us weapons yeah
now now but they put this they put this
on like um have you come across a
Washington report mhm I was I was
reading this in some of the sources the
American sources this is it doesn't seem
like an allegation seems quite plausible
it seems likely yeah it seems likely um
however yeah and I have
a a
comparative case in this in the current
War you have the United States moving
weapons yeah from bases in Qatar and
Kuwait yeah to Israel now Qatar and
Kuwait are both states that have
um stated policies against Israel
however the presence of the US B has
meant that the transporting of those
weapons has happened I believe it is
something that we should mention it's
something that is part of the historical
record in terms of the case of um the
case of during the Iran Contra situation
and and the moving of Us weapons from
Israel at that time Israel was
the most significant US base in the
region so think about we're talking
prior to the Gulf War because the Gulf
War was the Boon for US military
installations in the region because all
of a sudden you have literally with the
exception of Libya Sudan Algeria all of
the Arab states joining the United
States in a coalition against Iraq so
it's at the time of the Gulf War that
the US is able to build up its bases in
Saudi and other places so therefore if
you're going to move Us weapons
to a Middle Eastern State at that time
the other option would be Diego Garcia
and they could have done that but Diego
Garcia is a bit further away so in in in
my understanding of the way that these
forces have been built up in the region
and and again this is this is the words
of those who are directly involved it
could not have happened without Iranian
support that that the the the knowhow
the training the knowledge the money
just was there do you think Iran is if
you want to put it in like international
relations um framework is just acting in
a very um in a way that's in line with
the realist framework like they'll do
anything which um would serve their
interest geopolitically like for example
uh we mentioned the Contra affair but
another I think very prominent example
would be the Iraq Iraq War mhm I
mean Iraq obviously is a country with a
significant shii population actually a
majority Shi
population and um I was I came across
this uh interview with this um the then
Chief um the the the
chief adviser to Colin pow his name is
Wilkerson I think yeah yeah he's great
he's doing a lot of stuff now online as
well um and he was saying that in that
war the Iraq uh
war that the Americans were in contact
with Iran and making secret negotiations
because if we if we think about the
genocide in Palestine I mean it's tens
of thousands of people being killed but
at the time in Iraq as well you know
hundreds of thousands of people were
being killed and Iran was not doing
anything about it so there was not
really a um resistance from that
perspective they weren't doing they
weren't trying to stop anything were
they no but at that time also you've got
to remember that that the relationship
between the uh the PLO Andi preceded the
Iranian Revolution and these
relationships were formed in some cases
in Iraq and Andi yeah these these were
formed prior to the Iranian Revolution
when he was in France he was in France
at one point but he was in Iraq before
but that's the question I've always
wondered this question you know if the
westerners knew I know the
conspiratorial but if the westerners
knew that this guy is going to go back
to his country and lead the revolution
well I mean they did I would have let
him on the plane but they would France
but they wouldn't they wouldn't I mean
but we could also use that um there's
many there's many historical as soon as
the play landed the revolution
started yeah but I think there's many
historical events that we could sort of
looking at them teleologically yeah we'd
say why didn't this happen then and this
happened then but you know as you
know things get through the cracks I
mean why would Piers Morgan allow me on
his show when I've actually gone online
and talked about this list before so if
he do you know what I mean people anyway
I mean maybe that's not a good
comparison yeah what you're mentioning
is a far more um serious consequential
historical event but but but I I
think on these on these matters yeah
it's it's worth deferring okay to to
those that have the direct
Hands-On um position position in the
situation and and their
testimony um but also the testimony of
the
enemies and and the ultimate objective
if you want cultural change and this is
I guess where we get into the idea of
the axis of resistance and the axis of
assistance because the axis of
resistance is the only grouping which is
materially opposing Israel
and stopping it and it's the only
grouping in the region um that has been
able to
impede or at least delay Israel's
replacement of ala which is the ultimate
objective which was would you could
someone argue that really Iran has done
no more than any of the other Arab
states which have been controlled by the
No No it's it's it's it's it's in terms
of direct response think about it right
I mean Iran's been attacked directly mhm
right multiple times and they've
responded in a way which is not even
like you know these attacks that they've
they've had 16 people died then they
done these drones no one died every
single every single action yeah of any
of the factions in the region and this
is what Israel knows yeah is Iranian
response more more than that more than
that we're talking about Decades of deep
integration we're talking about
information sharing yeah we're talking
about training we're talking about um
but they've also been sharing
information with Israel no they haven't
I not sharing information but they this
back back uh you know deals with with
America and stuff and the Iran Iraq war
no no negotiations with the United
States but you're talking about the '
80s we're talking about 50 years ago no
but even the um Iraq war recently
according to wilkas and all these guys
no so what happened with the Iran Iraq
with the Iraq
invasion what we talking about in that
case yeah is that you had
different arguments made by some and one
of the arguments in both the cases of
the invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq
yeah was that we will cooperate with the
political process which is then
established in the country and so then
therefore you had specific political
parties which um were involved in the
political process but I would say to you
this yeah the
biggest part of that har the Harvest of
that is that you now have an Iraqi
government which has a more Pro
Palestine position than states that
literally have us bases that flew you
have a relationship between Iraq and
Palestine yeah which you know we're not
we also can't remove the agency of
individual political actors so
if specific political groups that may or
may not have bad reputations for for for
um faad or inside the society you cannot
necessarily read that as to be blamed on
a neighbor that they have a good
relationship with do you understand what
I mean yeah so and and I think sometimes
that's what takes place in the Iraqi
context and I think also you have to
remember that the entire media system
that was established post 2003 it took
place under the opes of the US
government we're talking about the
biggest and most important Iraqi news
channels from to to these are the ways
that people are understanding what's
happening in the country these are
established by the US
government wasn't established by the US
government it has a very um integrated
relationship okay so for example NBC um
had this report where they stated that
Y is
were
terrorists now the response was NBC was
shut down by Iraqis and is now in the
process of leaving Iraq and the same
Foria and Arabia has been um working
closely with the Israeli military on its
uh reports but then we get into and and
I think it's important because you're
but what you're kind of pointing to is a
distinction between what is the axis of
resistance and the axis of assistance
now the axis of assistance in the region
for any penetration that we're talking
about for any
um T tahan complacency for any
um
unfortunate um disappointments that have
taken
place when you compare it to the very
material relationship and investment in
Israel's project the region that is
present among the axis of
assistance I think the picture becomes
clearer in terms of what are the sides
of this
equation so in the case for example of
the
UAE what you have is currently the
Israeli airspace managed by a private
Israeli company called Highlander
Aviation now Highlander Aviation is
partially owned by the UAE government um
through a a UAE state-owned company
called The Edge group so the edge group
is a part owner of Israel's airspace
that's the UAE government um what you
also have is several EU uh sorry UAE UAE
companies let me just uh clarify UAE not
EU companies which are staffed by former
Israeli intelligence Personnel but
moreover the UAE uses celebrite um to
hack phones of its own citizens now
celebrite is an Israeli intelligence
company founded by former uh unit 8200
figures which it's uh its CEO has
claimed that they have remote control
access to everything gathered by
celbrate in other countries so what
you're basically having is the UAE
Outsourcing the hacking of its citizens
phones to celebrate m in addition to
that uh hamdan uh from the political
office of Hamas stated that the UAE
used the cover of humanitarian Aid inza
to identify locations of rocket launches
and thus assist Israel in its bombing of
Gaza what you also have and this is
really one of the most fascinating parts
of the picture is Jared Kushner founded
um throughout the Abraham Accords
something called Affinity Partners now
Jared kushna is um is so close to
Netanyahu and his family so close to
that that Netanyahu used to stay in his
bedroom really when Jared kushna was at
College playing basketball and Netanyahu
used to come and visit the United States
he used to stay in Jared kush's bedroom
um what was he doing in there
so so so so so check it kushna
established this Affinity partners and
said this is to serve as a corridor a
corridor for golf investment in Israel
so who puts in money for it the Saudis
put in two billion the UAE puts in a bit
less Qatar puts in some
okay Jared
kushna purchases with that money
something called the schomo group now
the schlomo group is the largest
producer of Israel's Navy really it's
it's the largest vehicle um company in
Israel and it's armed several key
Israeli unit since October 7th the shaag
unit which was involved in the uh the
massacre of a shifat hospital so so so
think about it this way you have money
flowing directly from the UA
and Saudi into this I
mean there needs to be more clarity
about this people people need to have
more access to this information and
again Saudi have hacked the phones of
their citizens with celite which is
Israeli intelligence company so
normalization has happened um they also
obviously have the history of hacking
the phone of jamalak with Pegasus which
again is an arm of the Israeli uh
Ministry of Defense so we're in a
worrying time in terms of if UAE and
Saudi influence in the region and even
in this country will begin to be
conditioned conditioned with some form
of either quietism or support for Israel
then the cultural change that Israel
wants to establish in the region which
is normalization at the point of a gun
becomes more and more um difficult to
discern and the social engineering
becomes more and more successful because
it's now taking place you know with the
case of the Egyptians for example they
have been reliable to the Israelis in
terms of the nuts and bolts and the
logistics of the blockade of Gaza but
they don't have the same kind of record
as sort of entrepreneurial service to
Israel which the UAE is establishing for
itself you know one of the uh the key um
uh stipulations of the Abraham
Accords was that there has to
be if I remember correctly $1 billion do
worth of investment by the UAE in Israel
over the next few years I mean that's
incredible that's a major boost to the
Israeli economy um but also what we're
seeing is an increased security
intelligence and Military integration
between these forces so you have in a
way an established sort of
tripartite um uh influence within the
region of the UAE Saudis and Israel with
really Israel calling the shots and so
that's concerning that's really
concerning for the future of everyone so
how do we combat this we've diagnosed a
lot of the issues here yeah and all
these connections are I think people are
going to be really shocked about
especially I mean in the beginning when
you were talking about the situation
with Bill Clinton I'm still trying to
think about this you know someone of
that power yeah can be leveraged in that
way potentially potentially yeah yeah I
I mean the case with the with the
Egyptians before I forget is the recent
story that is circulating um in the
Israeli media but again sometimes I
believe that these stories are put out
to try and uh muddy the waters but that
the assassination the killing of
Y involved him being lured by Egyptian
intelligence to that spot that he was
killed of course there's the other story
which is that he was active in
operations and was then um killed in
response to that that's the official
story that's the official story and
believable and believable too
but it is interesting if the the the
luring of him because what's the luring
where did you get that from where did
you hear that so it's been discussed in
the Israeli media and also reported um
by several figures within Arabic
speaking Arabic language um
media
um again I'm not sure how much
um how would they know how would they
know that where he is cuz they don't
have any presence in in in Raza do they
the Egyptians yeah not that I know of
but um my understanding is that he was
not using mobile phones and so he was
apparently according according to this
testimony seeking more information the
Egyptians had said they had more
information to pass on to him from RAF
about the negotiations and so then he
went to the location and the Egyptian
passed on the information about location
to the Israelis again though it it
doesn't seem to ring true with the
series of events that led to his death
so it's hard to know um for
sure yeah but but they were saying that
he was trying to fight them and then
they they they REM his hand was removed
and yeah yeah I mean you know hand
removed yeah yeah his hand was shut off
and then the Drone came in to check on
his state but you know and there is a
lesson from all of
this
Israel and Zionism has always been very
topheavy as a project it's always looked
to achieve change top down rather than
bottom up so therefore it has taken a
policy to attempt to decapitate
organization yeah that's what so for
example has that been successful
historically in 1935 uh the British
thought they could end the Palestinian
cause by
assassinating today you
have a group that names thems after and
names their Rockets
after wreaking havoc
for Israel yeah the lesson from that is
actually the greater the repression and
the targeting of the leaders does not
demoralize the rank and file I this is
John mimer was saying as well too A lot
of the in his previous interviews with
Morgan and other places yeah yeah yeah
he's saying it just doesn't
strategically doesn't actually mean much
achieve what they want and I guess
that's why they want the curriculum
angle which is the cultural change
throughout the region they want to
remove hisbah from the entire political
process of Israel um of Lebanon and then
reconfigure the Lebanese political
system and this is a war of attrition
you it could take 10 years if if they
want to try and achieve that I don't
think they will but it would take 10
years to even try and Achieve that
because and and and this is an
interesting part of it so when Israel
killed Abbas and musi and his baby and
his wife in the '90s the idea was that
hasah is finished okay what then happens
isbah beats Israel in 2000 and beats
them in 2006 with only 3,000 Fighters at
that time they had 9,000 Fighters but
they kept the majority of them in
reserve and and only sent 3,000 to fight
the Israelis and were able to defeat
them the problem the the difference now
is that Israel since 2012 specifically
since the Oslo Accords has a massive
informational advantage over the entire
region through its technological
advancement through the development of
unit
9900 through development of unit 8200
but then you know you've got the other
case with the pflp they killed ran
canani they they they killed him in the
car with his uh his niece Lise
but what did the pflp later do they
later killed the highest ranking Israeli
uh Minister that has ever been killed in
the history
of the minister of Tourism was
assassinated by the
pflp after that and then they killed Ali
Mustafa but then you have the case of
Hamas the entire
founding of Hamas the founders of Hamas
were all killed ABD Ahmed y Hamas is
still fighting today the Islam
they killed him they assassinated him to
P still fighting today so the lesson
from the history ultimately is that the
decapitation model it just doesn't work
Israel excels at killing it kills as it
breathes it kills as it breathes um but
it's fighting an unwinable War it's
fighting an unwinable War you don't
measure the success of war in your
ability to kill the most vulnerable uh
on an industrial scale you measure it on
the Resonance of your your ideas you you
measure it in terms of your power of
persuasion and convincing the largest
number of people that you were right and
and that's why it's fighting in a very
shortterm and and and blind wrong-headed
um way but ultimately Zionism is an idea
is
unsustainable it's unsustainable this
idea that uh Alien Invaders can impose
on another group of people their will
and keep them under their boot
indefinitely what can we do uh um as
people now because obviously you've been
spearheading the activism in the UK and
the Western Hemisphere and the English
speaking world what could be one one of
the figures one of the main
figures surely like you're one of the
not the Western
Hemisphere multiple appears Morgan
appearances uh your work on your
involvement in Twitter and stuff like
that you most tweeted and
but not Western Hemisphere this is I
mean who who who thank
you but um my question to you is for a
lot of people now that they really want
to get involved they want to do stuff
practically what can we do to help I
think we need to strengthen our capacity
to research we need to work out the way
around company's house we need to work
out the way around uh the the charity
commission um website we uh need to work
out the way way of looking at the tax
filings in the United States which you
can do um for um organizations which
what we trying to do with that to to so
for example with this this is
um this is risk
assessment and
awareness all at the same time I'm not
going into this list just say for the
debate against this clown I was going
into this list because we need to know
you know you've got individuals on here
which fund major British universities
you got individuals on here which um
receive 15 million of funding from the
British government uh every year um that
work very closely with the police that
provide the police information on who to
arrest at different times that will have
targeted the police pertaining to
yourself or any other um immediate
influencers that have taken particular
uh anti- proes position research teams
to look at this absolutely and we need
and we need to it needs to be a cultural
change here so what should we start with
the list like each name or oh wonderful
I mean I think I if I had more time I
would have I would have looked into more
of these individuals because then it
reveals what this operation is because
the operation doesn't announce itself it
doesn't it doesn't
um it doesn't brag it doesn't brag at
all um and so I mean just like for
example practically speaking you you
connecting rup Murdoch to Pi Morgan and
connecting nanah to rupo that just that
chain of
connection has allowed everyone to see
the bias and PE Morgan it's just a
simple tactic so we can translate those
connections into activism absolutely is
that is that the model of doing it then
do you think making those connections
and showing people absolutely and I
think also the infrastructure of how
this functions because you know Britain
while it's not the biggest armor of
Israel 15% of the F-35 is made here um
over 100 companies in this are are
operate in this country that have
involvement in the construction of the
F-35 the arms trade treaty Britain
should not be exporting arms to Israel
it's a signator to the arms trade treaty
how do we ensure that I mean I I
advocate for Palestine action which
shuts down the factories um yes there's
risk involved in that but that doesn't
necessarily mean that anyone involved in
Palestine action has to go into the
factories themselves there's other
things they can do beside behind are
they are they are they organization are
they a company or no an organization
which um targets Israeli they go in and
do physical stuff sites yeah so for
example palestin action has succeeded in
permanently shutting down three sites
belonging to Elbert systems Israel's
largest Arms Company in this country are
they trained to jump like over the
fences and there there's training days
there's training days which people can
attend yes and um they go to prison or
what what happen to them so we currently
have 16 political prisoners from
Palestine action in this country really
um inside the pris in UK yeah is it how
long are they serve in so 10 of them are
on remand and six of them have been
sentenced it was for one that took place
in Scotland however it's worth
emphasizing here that Palestine action
since October 7th has carried out 130
operations against Israeli uh military
companies well according to the UK and
since well and since 2020 ilal 500
operations since then now those the
legality for them that's a trade-off
they're willing to yeah and the legality
of them is then hashed out in the court
and the vast majority and this is
important to note vast majority of
people that have been
arrested have actually not been charged
but then the ones that have been charged
and have then entered the court have
been able to make the sound argument
that they are trying to uh apply you
know there's they made a legal argument
all of us have a solid legal argument
let me explain how so number one
Palestine action comes into the court
and it says look according to article
one of the genocide convention anybody
that is uh a part of this
should uh stop those carrying out
genocide and seize the commission of it
and stop supporting it now one of the
ways Britain should do that is by
stopping its armed sales yeah but what
you also have is the basis through which
humanitarian Ian intervention is when
Yemen when Yemen is blockading the Red
Sea and forcing the ill port to bankrupt
it is in my mind and we can say this
um performing a humanitarian
intervention the same argument can be
made for other organizations in the
region Palestine action has a similar
position it's just based here and and so
what we need are they classified as a
terrorist organization no but they've
been uh so is another important part of
the story is that the US ad sorry the
British government advisor on um
political violence and domestic
extremism is an individual by the name
of Lord woy now Lord Wy has been funded
by the European leadership Network which
is an Israel Lobby group it's included
on the voices of Israel U Ministry of
diaspora Affairs project so it's clearly
a foreign agent he's been funded by them
he's also been funded by a Consortium of
arms companies which includes some of
the arms companies that palestin action
is targeting now he has recommended that
there is a designation that should take
they're not Muslim most majority of them
isn't there you know F rajani who's one
of the political prisoners of Palestine
action is a is a a Muslim woman would
you say the majority of them I from your
I would say if we were to look at the
people that have carried out operations
um the majority of them are non-muslim
yeah and actually this to some extent it
testifies to the sort of resonance of
the Palestinian cause at this particular
period of time but you know of course
you have the the history of you know the
Japanese group that carried out the Red
Army carried out you know an operation
at the lid airport um and have a history
many of them are in Lebanon now the the
the Japanese
uh uh Red Army and dividuals that fought
alongside the Palestinians um in the'
80s um so so there is there is a uh so
that's that's another way of doing so
research and then you've spoken about
the case of the Palestinian activists uh
pal palestin action what else would you
say I mean to be
honest you know I I wouldn't necessarily
be the best person to advise because
within the little square that I'm in I'm
I'm sort of doing what I can with
limited with limited success you know
there's there's been ways in which we've
been able to enforce our will on them
and uh you know there's a price to pay
I'm not saying that everyone watching
this should you know you yourself for
example have had your name written on a
a a missile no I didn't interestingly
but
um not everyone wants to be in that
position and not and not everyone wants
to I'm sure they're put your name on the
Miss out now that they you know I don't
rule out anything
yeah and and and I'm have you had any
like anyone threatening you or anything
like that of course really yeah of
course physically like um I've received
uh messages from people who are serving
Israeli soldiers and otherwise um but I
mean in like face to face as itone come
to you as it one Friday no no okay I
think the speaker Corner would make that
more of a likelihood of course yeah are
you coming down no but but in in terms
of my my
situation I think ultimately you have to
reach in order to be effective you've
got to reach a state of Tranquility with
all
eventualities and and once you reach
that I think you can be effective I
think if there is that internal barrier
then you will always be held back and
actually part of their propaganda is
that they are the all powerful all
enforcing and that you really can't
escape um what they want to do and their
their will will sort of be the decisive
factor it's not true you know we know
that's not true so I mean we're headed
for a a really fascinating and and and
tough decade so but I've taken so much
of your time guys thank you so much uh
before we end this
uh people don't know that because he's
been so involved in the in the activism
for such a long time
uh people don't know that you know low
key I mean people will know that
actually you were quite a famous rapper
weren't you for some time have you are
you still doing it yeah I still make
music um but uh not so much more more of
my time is spent Onis and media would
you say now that you're more of an
activist or more of a rapper I'd say
more media is it yeah yeah more media
the prophet Muhammad
sallam told us that when the son of Adam
dies all of his Good Deeds are in
interrupted they are finished except for
three
things a continuous charity and a
beneficial knowledge and also a a
righteous offspring that makes Dua for
him your brothers and sisters in Islam
net from Norway are establishing a Masid
a DA Center and fulfilling a great
portion of this Hadith on your behalf
establishing a Masid to convey The
Message of Islam is one of the best
Deeds a Muslim can do whenever someone
prays there whenever someone gives
shahada in the Masid whenever someone
learns something in the Masid yes that
will be something that you will have on
your scale so give generously and Allah
will give you even more